hey guys guys here in this video i'll be
going over what t mojang has recently
released and that is a video on how
pistons perform what they're capable of
and also planting a few ideas I am for
people that would like to expand on am
on bigger bills so I had to start off
we're gonna make our first and piston
and that is by getting your cobblestone
placing it walk to on the side and
getting redstone dust put it on the
bottom and morning good on top of that
redstone dust and 3m pieces of wood so
now where are you going to make a sticky
piston just by getting slime and putting
on top of that piston so now we're going
to see how would that piss and works and
if we plant it down here we actually see
extends fully so yeah we're going to
come around the other side and yeah and
put a dirt block in front and show you
how it pushes blocks as you can see it
pushed it but didn't bring it back
because it's not sticky piston so we
destroy here and put down a sticky
piston and as you can see it's going to
pull back to block and which is a is a
great feature also AM it depends on
which way you look at the ground so as
you can see and we've looked at the
ground planted are pissing and never
pushes up so am yeah it's a great
feature for maybe lifts or so on really
or whatever i can bring on so I'm yeah
this is kind of a an on and off switch
em for redstone dust and it looks pretty
cool or not a hundred percent sure how
it works what it looks like the current
travels through grad the glass and so
always interesting to see how have these
things work also this is very cool I am
I think this could be used for maybe
castle wars or whatever if you have a
full wall and of pistons and you could
extend that and increase your defenses
and for instance but that's what
reminded me when I first seen that also
and here's tree blocks that you cannot
move with am pistons and i'm not sure if
there's any more but i do know these
tree do don't move at all and I'm I want
to find out can obsidian move and which
is something I'd like to find out soon
and this is probably my favorite feature
of the piston and that is turning on and
off water well the flow of water at that
I think this would be very cool for dams
or harvesting your crops or even am
streams for boats that is very very cool
and this is a redstone little circuit
and it shows you that and if you plant a
redstone torch and under another block
it actually works so that's very cool
and this is something I really want to
get into and that is a an entrance into
your house and as you can see we're
going to expand it and that is very very
cool I actually really like that and
it's very compact and something I can
see myself building in the in the future
when these come out and as you can see
it's the two Pistons push out both
wonder pistons and the block and then
that and piston that gets pushed out it
pushes the black Ford as well as the
stairs there's a two sets of stairs one
moves one doesn't and put it looks it
looks a bit complicated I'd love to see
the schematics and to find out how to do
it but I'm sure and they will be
floating around after 1.7 update so now
we see data it pushes opened down blocks
as we seen before but now we're going to
find some sand and plant the sand on top
and this is actually show you that they
have gone into the physics and show
it'll show you and that after some
stress of the sand it'll actually break
down into a smaller block and yeah that
happens right here so that's a pretty
cool feature it'll probably work with
gravel as well and and yeah this is
going to show you a little repeater that
is connected to four different pistons
and as you can see it rotates the two
blocks around each other
around I can't actually wait until I see
more bills and 1.7 comes out and see how
this is implemented so yeah that's it
really for this video I'm again will
probably be a pear tree to this well as
we get closer and closer to the 1.7 and
more information gets released and I'd
like to say that there is an two links
in the description there's a link to boy
minecraft at www.magnatune.com well and
YouTube channel and that is where you're
going to find our original videos and
yeah that's all for now guys and thanks
for watching like this video if it was
any way helpful and can't wait to see in
the next one
you